Hello chance and just to the Prime opening
I'm commuting to work every day until I get accustomed
I keep a diary every day and I just do browser
March
District 1
To University of Yamada
I'm impressed
A little while
Stood 5 times
It was in
It becomes the twelfth
The target is 5th place
There is no precedent
It was placed near the altar between the outer
In this way
I also told that I would like you to carry it until now
Dart king hand
You can open it
I'll start thinking about it
I believe I can not believe it, but it is really thankful
I support
truly
Thanks to everyone
Fourth place last year
I would like to see that the lower price is hard
Just easy
Kitagawa prefecture
When I hit it
When I go back to the bench, I have not thrown it yet, so I can not understand my head
Women who are supposed to win when they are being compensated
In a strange form nineteen
Just sue with such people
Eldest son
Up to 8gb
Until one week has passed
Work hard
I am thinking of going
We have Kyoto today and have a room
For information on our prime
Nice pl opponent battery
Please continue until now